README.md, before:

# team-profile-generator
Team Profile Generator

For this assignment, We were tasked with creating a program that generates a web page with employee information based on the user's input.

### Prerequisites

In order to get started using the Team Profile Generator, you'll need to have Node installed, and you'll need to run the "npm i" command to install inquirer, jest, and fs.

## Getting Started

Once you've installed the necessary prerequisites, you can start using the generator. And in order to show you how to use the generator, I've included an instructional video that takes you through the steps of generating your own custom team profile web page. The video will be linked below, along with a step by step explanation. 


Team Profile Generator Tutorial Video: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1N0-Wer65_iidH2hGee75_D01UhPN5Ftz/view?usp=sharing

If you need a little additional instruction, don't worry. Here's how it works:
The first thing you'll wanna do after opening up your terminal is run the command "node index.js"
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/KSWSBqB.png)

After entering the "node index.js" command, the generator will initialize and you will be prompted as follows:
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/3IHlhq6.png)
If you want to add a new team member, navigate to the "yes" option using the arrow keys and hit enter

After selecting to enter a new employee, you will once again be prompted as follows:
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/9sETT1h.png)
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/VbkiCMa.png)
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/N0rsyAL.png)
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/Fn5q4Df.png)
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/EpB0X56.png)
Just input your answer to each prompt question and your input will be recorded and used to generate the employee boxes in the final generated web page.

After answering all of the questions, you will be prompted if you want to add an additional team member. 
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/RZU2L6Z.png)
If not you can select no and generate your final web page. Or you can select yes, and the process will start over again

If all goes well after following all the steps accordingly you will see this success screen
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/tSvQxY4.png)
Your final web page will then be generated and placed in the Generated-Web-Page folder with all of the information you input.

## Built With
* [HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
* [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)
* [Javascript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)


## Authors

**Josh Gumperz** 

- [Link to Github](https://github.com/JoshGumperz)
- [Link to LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/josh-gumperz-8706a8185/)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License 

## Acknowledgments

* I'd like to acknowledge my classmates, Johnny Ngyuen (https://github.com/NguyenJohnnyT), and Eddy Yeung (https://github.com/eycs0317) for helping me through some of the trickiest roadblocks I encountered in the process of completing this assignment.

Commit message:

updated README with instructions for running the test

README.md, after:

# team-profile-generator
Team Profile Generator

For this assignment, We were tasked with creating a program that generates a web page with employee information based on the user's input.

### Prerequisites

In order to get started using the Team Profile Generator, you'll need to have Node installed, and you'll need to run the "npm i" command to install inquirer, jest, and fs.

## Getting Started

Once you've installed the necessary prerequisites, you can start using the generator. And one major focal point of this project is to display my ability to work using test driven development techniques. So along with the code that makes the program itself work, I also created a series of tests to test everything out and make sure it's all working as inteded. You can run the test files using the command:
```
npm test
```
After running the npm test command, you should see a screen that looks like this:
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/ANR9hHI.png)

Now that you've run the tests and you've confirmed that everything is working as inteded, you're ready to start using the profile generator. And in order to show you how to use it, I've included an instructional video that takes you through the steps of generating your own custom team profile web page. The video will be linked below, along with a step by step explanation. 

Team Profile Generator Tutorial Video: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1N0-Wer65_iidH2hGee75_D01UhPN5Ftz/view?usp=sharing

If you need a little additional instruction, don't worry. Here's how it works:
The first thing you'll wanna do after opening up your terminal is run the command "node index.js"
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/KSWSBqB.png)

After entering the "node index.js" command, the generator will initialize and you will be prompted as follows:
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/3IHlhq6.png)
If you want to add a new team member, navigate to the "yes" option using the arrow keys and hit enter

After selecting to enter a new employee, you will once again be prompted as follows:
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/9sETT1h.png)
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/VbkiCMa.png)
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/N0rsyAL.png)
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/Fn5q4Df.png)
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/EpB0X56.png)
Just input your answer to each prompt question and your input will be recorded and used to generate the employee boxes in the final generated web page.

After answering all of the questions, you will be prompted if you want to add an additional team member. 
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/RZU2L6Z.png)
If not you can select no and generate your final web page. Or you can select yes, and the process will start over again

If all goes well after following all the steps accordingly you will see this success screen
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/tSvQxY4.png)


Your final web page will then be generated and placed in the Generated-Web-Page folder with all of the information you input.
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/kph6RZA.png)

## Built With
* [HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
* [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)
* [Javascript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
* [Jest](https://jestjs.io/)


## Authors

**Josh Gumperz** 

- [Link to Github](https://github.com/JoshGumperz)
- [Link to LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/josh-gumperz-8706a8185/)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License 

## Acknowledgments

* I'd like to acknowledge my classmates, Johnny Ngyuen (https://github.com/NguyenJohnnyT), and Eddy Yeung (https://github.com/eycs0317) for helping me through some of the trickiest roadblocks I encountered in the process of completing this assignment.
